Changelog - March 03 update (#5384)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/posthog-changelog.md

> Some new features you read about below may still be in beta, behind a feature flag, or only available to paying users. Want to see which betas are currently available? [Check the roadmap](/roadmap)!

## March 3, 2023

### Hedgehog Mode
![hog mode](../images/blog/array/hog_walk.gif)

Let's get the biggest and most important updates out of the way first. We've updated our hedgehog mode, which you can access via the help menu in the app, to include some extra features. 

You can now control Max ([that's his name](/handbook/company/team)) using the WASD keys, and we've also added a physics engine to give him a proper sense of gravity and inertia. You can make him jump with `W`, or spin with `S`. 

> ### Dashboard templates

Reviewer: added and just about to change 🤣 

@lharries maybe only need an update to the image?

Reviewer 2: Here you go: https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/14322

We can create a better image for this

Author: No need - I've subscribed to the PR, so I'll capture one when it's live. 👌

![templates](../images/blog/array/templates.png)

Just getting started with PostHog? We've added dashboard templates to help you get basic information out of your product, faster. Head to the Templates section and install the dashboard you want first, then select the template when creating a dashboard. 

We're planning several improvements to this system soon, but right now you can choose templates for advertising, research, content and product usecases. 

### Outfunnel app
The folks at [Outfunnel](https://outfunnel.com/) have contributed a new app which enables you to [export data from PostHog to Outfunnel](/apps/outfunnel-exporter). This is mainly useful for scoring leads based on their behaviour, or using them as triggers for automations. 

### New toolbar element selector 

> ![element selector](../images/blog/array/type-it.gif)

Reviewer: should we use the other gif from the tutorial?

Reviewer: https://posthog.com/static/toolbar-selector-edit-a2db40e10fe76041c612c1205b643b7b.gif

> Some new features you read about below may still be in beta, behind a feature flag, or only available to paying users. Want to see which betas are currently available? [Check the roadmap](/roadmap)!

## March 3, 2023

### Hedgehog Mode
![hog mode](../images/blog/array/hog_walk.gif)

Let's get the biggest and most important updates out of the way first. We've updated our hedgehog mode, which you can access via the help menu in the app, to include some extra features. 

You can now control Max ([that's his name](/handbook/company/team)) using the WASD keys, and we've also added a physics engine to give him a proper sense of gravity and inertia. You can make him jump with `W`, or spin with `S`. 

### React library

> Our Head of Product, Luke, decided to stretch his engineering skills this week and added a new React library which makes it easy to get data about traffic and product usage from React apps, into PostHog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our Head of Product, Luke, decided to stretch his engineering skills this week and added a new React library which makes it easy to use product analytics and feature flags with React and Next.js apps, into PostHog.
```

> Even better, Luke also started testing his writing skills by updating [the React docs](/docs/sdks/react) to include everything you need to get started with the full PostHog suite, including feature flags!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now integrate PostHog into a React app using the `PostHogProvider`. After that PostHog provides a bunch of hooks include `usePostHog` to access the initialized client, and `useFeatureEnabled` and `useFeaturePayload` for using feature flags. Checkout [the React docs](/docs/sdks/react) or [the Next.js docs][docs/integrate/third-party/next-js] for more information.
```

Reviewer 2: How about this for an image?

![ray-so-export](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/22766134/222223659-7999152d-2429-44b4-86a8-dab9407c2d78.png)

Reviewer 2: Welcome to tweak the image here: https://ray.so/#code=ZnVuY3Rpb24gQXBwKCkgewogICAgcmV0dXJuICgKICAgICAgICA8UG9zdEhvZ1Byb3ZpZGVyIGFwaUtleT17cHJvY2Vzcy5lbnYuUE9TVEhPR19BUElfS0VZfT4KICAgICAgICAgICAgPFJvb3QgLz4KICAgICAgICA8L1Bvc3RIb2dQcm92aWRlcj4KICApCn0&language=jsx&theme=candy&title=PostHog+React&padding=32

You can now control Max ([that's his name](/handbook/company/team)) using the WASD keys, and we've also added a physics engine to give him a proper sense of gravity and inertia. You can make him jump with `W`, or spin with `S`. 

### React library
![react posthog](../images/blog/array/react_posthog.png)

Our Head of Product, Luke, decided to stretch his engineering skills this week and added a new React library which makes it easy to use product analytics and feature flags with React and Next.js apps. This is available in `posthog-js` from version 1.50.

You can now integrate PostHog using the `PostHogProvider`. PostHog then provides a bunch of hooks including `usePostHog` to access the initialized client, and the feature flag hooks `useFeatureEnabled` and `useFeaturePayload`. Checkout [the React docs](/docs/sdks/react) or [the Next.js docs](docs/integrate/third-party/next-js) for more information.

### New toolbar element selector 
![The selector modal being used to discover the more meaningful selector](../images/tutorials/toolbar/toolbar-selector-edit.gif)

> We've added a new element selector to [the PostHog toolbar](/manual/toolbar) so that it's easier to create actions and events in some circumstances. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've added a new element selector to [the PostHog toolbar](/manual/toolbar) so that it's easier to create actions in some circumstances. 
```

> The new modal shows the element wrapping a selected element, so that subsequent clicks build up a selection. Want to give it a go? We've updated [our toolbar tutorial](/tutorials/toolbar) with instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new modal shows the HTML elements wrapping the selected element, so that your clicks build up a selection. Want to give it a go? We've updated [our toolbar tutorial](/tutorials/toolbar) with instructions.
```
